hi in another quickie session we will
learn how to make a simple laminate
Indian style cut the lemon into two
squeeze this lemon just use your fingers
to strain out the seeds add one and of
teaspoon of sugar 1/4 teaspoon of salt
pinch of pepper powder pinch of chaat
masala mix all these ingredients good
till the sugar dissolves lot of people
add black salt jeera powder and many
ingredients to their lemonade but you
can just add chaat masala these got all
those ingredients in the right
quantities you can even use mint leaf
for garnish add 2 tbsp of this mixture
the lemon juice and the masalas you can
add water but I like to add soda to my
drink this is my favourite drink and I
used to drink it every evening when I
used to go back to work in my restaurant
in Chicago my good Mexican friend mr.
motive used to make this drink and he
used to say without this drink I would
be Loco I don't know what it means but
dear friends trust me give it to your
partner when they come back home after a
hard day work and they will be refreshed
and they'll be cheerful for the entire
evening
for all those mint Lauer's good god I
don't know how many kinds of lovers are
there but today I am going to show you
lemonade for mint Lauer's for that
squeeze lemon add a little bit of fresh
mint into your ding chick add pinch of
salt 2 TSP of sugar and crushed in the
ding check because you added the sugar
and salt to this mint it get crushed
very nicely add this to your lemon juice
add a pinch of roasted jeera powder just
pour 2 tbsp of this mint and lemon juice
mixture to this add soda you can go
ahead and add water if you want but I
like to add soda to my all my lemonade's
here is my dink dink chick lemonade with
mint and jeera for all the mint Lauer's
here is the mint lemonade I already had
four glasses let me come back quick so
dear friends I hope you enjoy lemonade
the Indian style